It is sad to come here and see that, in the middle of the 11th century, we still have "anime analysts" here.
Laugh at the cliches rather than criticise them!
Don't you cry watching a movie? An anime? Don't you feel angry? Don't you feel sorry?
bullying + comedy + romance? Isn't it really a very... cool thing? I think.
These people are missing the goddamn point.

Are you still called Otaku?
A lot of them are psychopaths.
the straw that overflowed the glass.
have fun watching people get killed.
this isn’t to insult him but rather glorify him.
I felt very satisfied with what has been achieved.

Are you by any chance Otaku? Because if not, what are you doing watching anime and on an anime site ????
incel weebs who couldn't talk to female for a living?
they have no idea what is happening now.
on this site and anywhere else to desecrate an anime.
it took away tears that I don't even know where they would be anymore.
If you were frustrated, then understand: THIS IS EXACTLY THE EXCENCE !!!

You, Fanboys, who are doing this are not even Otakus.
Please, grow up.
you can resort to watching the anime.
Or maybe how a podcast would have a better rating.
Okay, there's no way you don't like that.

I cant stand people saying that this anime is bad. Especially for the reasons why.
Is that an opinion or a mandate? Please pity, disgusting beings.
A goddess who serves only for the scenes that expose her buttocks and nothing else.
you get a complete view of them and get to know them better, physically.
It’s hilarious that I got screenshots of how she looks.
she decided to change the air.

I advise you not to go with the flow of those root analysts who call themselves otaku, but are nothing more than unofficial judges.
without any intent of inputting constructive insight.
They have no deepness on theirselves therefore you cant conenct them.
brats who lose their mental insanity just to keep their desire and selfish determination.
but also as anything else that generates war.
importing Christianity’s most glamorous product into the scene.